Update conflict constraint for "nelmio/api-doc-bundle" in order to allow version 3 (#1801)
sonata-project/SonataMediaBundle: UPGRADE-3.x.md

UPGRADE 3.x
===========

UPGRADE FROM 3.x to 3.x
=======================

 ### Support for NelmioApiDocBundle > 3.6 is added

>  Since version 3.x, support for nelmio/api-doc-bundle > 3.6 is added. Controllers for NelmioApiDocBundle v2 was move to `Sonata\ClassificationBundle\Controller\Api\Legacy` and controllers for NelmioApiDocBundle v3 was added instead. If you extend them, you must change they using for correct Controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Since version 3.x, support for nelmio/api-doc-bundle > 3.6 is added. Controllers for NelmioApiDocBundle v2 were moved under `Sonata\ClassificationBundle\Controller\Api\Legacy\` namespace and controllers for NelmioApiDocBundle v3 was added as replacement. If you extend them, you must ensure they are using the corresponding inheritance.
```

Author: Current message was added in ClassificationBundle. I copy it. IMO it should be the same for all API bundles.

Reviewer: I agree we must keep consistency, but the current message is not semantically right. That's why I suggested these changes.

Author: so I will update in in whole RPs

> Since version 3.x, support for nelmio/api-doc-bundle > 3.6 is added. Controllers for NelmioApiDocBundle v2 were moved under `Sonata\MediaBundle\Controller\Api\Legacy` namespece and controllers for NelmioApiDocBundle v3 was added as replacement. If you extend them, you must ensure they are using the corresponding inheritance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since version 3.x, support for nelmio/api-doc-bundle > 3.6 is added. Controllers for NelmioApiDocBundle v2 were moved under `Sonata\MediaBundle\Controller\Api\Legacy\` namespace and controllers for NelmioApiDocBundle v3 were added as replacement. If you extend them, you must ensure they are using the corresponding inheritance.
```

The configuration nodes "sonata_media.cdn.cloudfront.region" and "sonata_media.cdn.cloudfront.version"
are required when aws/aws-sdk-php 3.x is installed.

### Support for NelmioApiDocBundle > 3.6 is added

> Since version 3.x, support for nelmio/api-doc-bundle > 3.6 is added. Controllers for NelmioApiDocBundle v2 were moved under `Sonata\MediaBundle\Controller\Api\Legacy\` namespace and controllers for NelmioApiDocBundle v3 were added as replacement. If you extend them, you must ensure they are using the corresponding inheritance.

Reviewer: This document already have headers that indicate the version which these upgrade notes belong to.
```suggestion
Support for nelmio/api-doc-bundle > 3.6 is added. Controllers for NelmioApiDocBundle v2 were moved under `Sonata\MediaBundle\Controller\Api\Legacy\` namespace and controllers for NelmioApiDocBundle v3 were added as replacement. If you extend them, you must ensure they are using the corresponding inheritance.
```

Author: @phansys Do we need `Support for nelmio/api-doc-bundle > 3.6 is added.`? It is duplicated from header.

Reviewer: I guess there is no need to duplicate this sentence.
